c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll.config
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.pdb
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Repository.Pattern.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.pdb
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.Common.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.EF.6.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.Common.xml
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll.config
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.Common.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.EF.6.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.pdb
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.Common.xml
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\bin\Debug\LinqKit.xml
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll
C:\Users\Systemscore Inc\Documents\SCI\sample projects\Task-Management-App-\TaskManagementApp.Models\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.pdb
