c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Service.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Service.pdb
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\Repository.Pattern.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\Service.Pattern.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Repository.cs.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.Common.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Models.pdb
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Repository.cs.pdb
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.Common.xml
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Service.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\obj\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Service.pdb
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TaskManagementApp.Service.dll.config
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\TrackableEntities.EF.6.dll
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManagementApp\TaskManagementApp.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
